PROGRAM djt_finite_diff_reservoir

! Programmer: Daniell Tincher December 2015
! Language: Fortran 95

! Two reservoirs of equal cross sectional areas (315 m2) and at equal elevations are
! connected by a pipe of length 20 m and cross sectional area 3 m2. The reservoir on
! the left (reservoir 1) and the connecting pipe are filled with a liquid of mass
! density 1000 kg/m3. The pressure at the bottom of reservoir 1 (that is, p1) is
! 39000 N/m2. The second reservoir is empty. The acceleration due to gravity is
! 9.8 m/s2.
!
! The following assumptions apply. One can ignore the effects of friction, form losses
! and the elevation differences along the path of the connecting pipe. The fluid is
! incompressible and inviscid. Flow through the connecting pipe is started by the
! instantaneous, full opening of the valve at the bottom of reservoir 2.
! Using the finite difference method, write a Fortran program that predicts the behavior
! of the system for 200 seconds following the opening of the valve. The program must read
! the above data (with the exception of the acceleration due to gravity and problem
! duration time of 200 seconds) from an input file and generate two output files, one that
! summarizes the input and selected predictions, the case summary file, and a second that
! provides selected output in tabular form for plotting, the plot file. In addition to the
! above data, the input file must specify the case number (as described below) and the
! time step size in seconds.
!
! When executed, the program shall prompt the user for the name of the input file to be
! entered from the terminal screen, and no other data.
!
! The input file shall be structured as follows:
! •	The first line describes the problem.
! •	The second line provides the variable names of the input in the order read.
! •	The third line provides the input data in free format, that is, each value is separated
!	by one or more blank spaces. 
! •	The final line provides the name of the case summary output file to be written, e.g.,
!	out.txt.
!
! The name of the plot file shall be specified within the program to be identical to the
! name of the case summary file but with the prefix plot added, e.g., plotout.txt.
!
! The case summary file must include the following information:
! •	a summary of the input data values, including units of measurement,
! •	the maximum value of the volumetric flow rate, qv, through the connecting pipe (m3/s),
! •	the maximum depths of the water in meters in each reservoir during the transient, and
! •	the maximum pressure at the exit of each reservoir (p1 and p2) during the transient (N/m2).
! 
! An example of a possible input file format follows:
! 	Finite difference solution for reservoir case 1
!	Input case, p1, rho, A1, A2, L, Apipe, p2, timestep_size
!	1  39000. 1000.  315.  315.  20.  3.0  0.  0.01  
!	rout1.txt
!
! The plot file shall provide in tabular form for each time step in seconds the pressures p1
! and p2, the volumetric flow rate through the connecting pipe (m3/s), and the depth of water
! in each reservoir in meters. Each value shall be printed in its own field with the fields
! separated by one or more blank spaces. 

!.. Data Library
INTEGER :: kase ! Case number
INTEGER :: 

REAL :: p1, p2	! pressures at points 1 and 2, respectively, with units of N/m^
REAL :: rho		! fluid density 









